the allegations made against me by
durianrider are simultaneously so
serious and so ridiculous that many of
them have been passed by without comment
in that he's accused me of so many
things and said that he wanted to
actually apprehend me beat me up but
take me to a police station and then use
even more violence against me if the
police here in Thailand failed to arrest
me or put me in jail given the
seriousness of that the bleakness of
that people have not even bothered to
comment on understandably the fact that
he has also been saying again and again
that I'm fat it's worth musing on in
terms of the absurdity of the situation
and in terms of who you people are my
audience
Jerian riders audience vegans in 2016
that that is even remotely acceptable
that anyone can still respect him now
the two things look my ego is not in the
game in that way I mean if someone calls
me an idiot they're entitled to their
opinion I'm not gonna feel stupid
because somebody off the internet scoff
be an idiot it happens it's part of the
game as it happens right now I'm not fat
but if I were even matter I'm not trying
to be a bikini model and the interest my
audience has in me does not rest on my
physique if I gained 15 pounds it
wouldn't matter to the people who want
to hear my message you want to interact
with me online and people who care
sincerely about ethical veganism ecology
political organization and make a
difference now in terms of what I should
look like right now I mean for the sake
of it you guys already got a shirtless
selfie of me it's taking just couple
days ago
[Music]
it is what it is it's not what my life
is about but I managed to keep in okay
shape for a guy who is a divorced
parents you know worried about his
daughter worried about making money to
support his family studying several
languages you know I have a straight job
in China I'm still a university student
in Canada so I have different academic
aspirations intellectual aspirations
career aspirations I have a lot going on
in my life that's not a complaint if I
had the option to quit my job quit all
my responsibilities and in fact a
bicycle up and down the hill in Thailand
so I could look better physically than I
do now look what kind of a human beings
would I be if that hypothetical words
that's who I was I wouldn't respect that
guy I'm you know if his YouTube channel
was funny or entertaining I might watch
it but I wouldn't I would respect that
guy and on some level I think my viewers
some of them may become posted them they
respect the fact that you know my life
is a struggle and I'm honest and open
about that struggle and then above and
beyond that when I have time I like to
do things that approximate vegan
activist so one of my podcasts by the
way I make I make yet more content
exclusive to patreon so I know I upload
too much to YouTube already but there's
even more content that you get if you
subscribe maybe one of them one of my
podcasts has as its title why I am NOT
an activist and you know the other day
here when we did the karaoke event there
was a young woman who has been
organizing vegan activism I'll put it in
quotation marks vegan activism on a
really low-key small scale ends inside
mainland China and one of the big cities
in China of course I was very interested
talk to her it's very rewarding
conversation for me I heard about the
techniques used but in terms of what
kind of political activism is possible
in China they were doing things like
they formed a group and they would
arrange to have a meeting with the owner
of a restaurant that it is for many
restaurants and they would explain what
veganism is and ask if the restaurant
just add one vegan option to the menu so
in vegans ate there they they had one
one caption on the menu that is very
sato watch a very low-key and many
people here would claim that's that's
not activism at all because they have a
some higher standard well let me tell
you in the People's Republic of China in
2016 I'm genuinely impressed with her
I'm genuine person that to me that's
very meaningful activism and my ability
to be an activist
while I was University student in Canada
or now teaching University classes in
China incredibly limited really really I
can't be an activist at all
but what I can do you guys have seen I
mean in the last month I've made a huge
effort to do to the utmost level I
possibly could
I'm very ambitious and if there's one
thing that I can respect above freelee
and durianrider it's that they're
ambitious people also however that
ambition gets stated in a way that's
denigrating to all of us when they claim
that they are the most effective vegan
activists in the world that's really
worth musing on I made a video more than
a year ago that has leaders and
followers in the title and it's
reflecting on the problem of political
leadership and veganism it talks about
Gary Yourofsky free leader and writer or
several other examples too and in that
time at that time I gave the serious
concession to freely writer I said look
they they may not have chosen this you
know like maybe they didn't choose to be
in this leadership role so we have to
get them some credit maybe they just
want to live this lifestyle sell diet
book sell cookbooks ride a bicycle and
they didn't choose to be in the city up
role but you know since then I can't
give them that concession anymore it is
quite a claim to say that you are the
most effective vegan activists in the
world and in terms of their mission and
their mandate they are recklessly
arrogant and you know they do they do
take on a leadership role that neither
one of them is capable of handling
responsibly
and I come back to this obviously
they're challenged by me everyone is you
have to appreciate you know I'm and I'm
quite intentionally dealing with some of
the most difficult aspects of veganism
this channel doesn't exist to recruit
people who've never heard of veganism
before although it does I continue to
get email and messages from people who
became vegan because of this channel but
this this channel is not veganism 101
it's not intro to veganism there are
already a hundred other channels to this
this is advanced veganism this is the
level of veganism where we admit there
are some problems we don't have answers
to there are some you know issues that
we can't fully understand I've just had
some discussion on patreon recently from
from vegans who are directly involved in
agriculture and growing plants about the
ways in which they inevitably kill
animals kill insects and what-have-you
and the contradictions that go into that
I've sparked some wonderful discussion
by talking about vivisection by killing
and torturing animals in in laboratories
for scientific research I had people
getting in touch with me who were
themselves medical researchers
scientists of various kinds but who were
also vegan and who are aware of these
contradictions I'm worried about them
now when I look at that when I look at
those people and I look at freely and
durianrider who do I want to have on my
team if I'm actually trying to save the
world who do I want to organize who do I
want supporting me who do I want to
support it's gonna be those scientists
and I don't mean that out of simple
elitism or snobbery all right I need
people who can show up on time I need
people I mean be wonderful if I could
throw a conference just have seven or
ten of these people vegan vegan research
scientists and the life sciences come
together if I what it'll be wonderful
tremendously productive but I mean you
know if you think about doing something
better than Petta
better than people for their career
think about putting together an
organization that is better than
Greenpeace we want to out do that we
want to eclipse that we want to be a
next generation that's better than
anything came before that really clearly
articulates and pursues the goals of
veganism ecologically and ethically
who do you think I want to work with a
scientist who is making the compromise
to torture rats to death and who may
feel you know bad about it emotionally
who's aware of the issues and options
but he does kill some animals in a lab
and while being vegan otherwise refusing
to eat meat and so on someone who's
intelligent discipline of you or someone
who has given up all of their
responsibilities in the Western world to
leave on permanent vacation and who is
so simple-minded that they respond to
the challenge posed by someone like me
by saying you're fat as they at the
moment I'm not fat I'm also not a
bodybuilder but he doesn't matter in
terms of my message my audience what I'm
doing the future of veganism if I gain
10 pounds or lose 10 pounds it doesn't
matter and these people are so deeply
into so-called lifestyle activism that
the real meaning of activism has been
provided to them ok now the reality is
nobody has even bothered to mention this
issue because saying that I'm fat
because the other allegations are so
serious and who's responsible
right now naturally I say this really
you know I sympathize people have come
out with a number of conspiracy theories
trying to say that this whole thing
started because one particular teenager
made up allegations in the pursuit of
fame basically and suggesting that one
youtuber in Scotland who I'm not gonna
name somehow had a conversation that led
to this being misinterpreted it's
complete nonsense ok
there is no mastermind behind the scenes
that created this mess alright
there's nobody other than durianrider
doing this durianrider and freely sat
down at their keyboard
and created this mess and you can see if
you just look at the sequence of
messages they just searched around for
one pretext after another one scrap or
rumor after another to try to defame me
with and yes some of those scraps came
from this one teenager and her blog and
some of them came may may have come from
this woman in Scotland but it's
ridiculous some of them are made up
completely out of thin air I mean you
know when something is completely
arbitrary you don't learn anything new
through its analysis you know you can
see that the motivation is malice and
you can see the methods used who is
responsible in my earlier video in this
I started by stating very clearly and
I'm a shout out to Hannah Hannah has
stated it again at the end of her video
evil is not just what happens when evil
people do evil things evil is what
happens when good people stand idly by
and do nothing okay that is the problem
here I saw a crowd shot from this year's
festival so you know someone at the
festival took photos of who's sitting in
the crowd and you know so many thoughts
came to mind for one thing of course the
the supposed importance of this event
has just been massively exaggerated
they're just there aren't that many
people involved secondly of course you
look at that crowd do you think where
are the tough guys who are supposed to
come and beat me up
looking at this crowd of people I you
know whether or not in these people
there are any serious activists who are
seriously gonna work to make the world a
better place in the future that's
another question but when I look at this
crowd I do not see a bunch of tough guys
who are gonna come and beat down my door
or we're gonna find me in the street
kidnap me beat me and drag me to a
police station and of course as you guys
know if you've been following this I
responded to that threat by saying meet
me at the police station
you want me to feature let's go now when
they said they wanted to fit with me I
said meet me in a fist fight anytime
anywhere I've said before I am NOT a
tough guy but I'm tougher than these
guys okay
you know I'm gonna degress here slightly
you know it would be worthless for me to
read out all the correspondence the
earlier video the earlier video showed
on screen very rapidly exactly what
during writer said and what I said when
we had our one and only conversation
about it he's never sent me an email
he's never talked to me by Skype he has
refused to meet me face to face
he's both refused me to have a
conversation and he's refused to me to
follow up on his threats of violence say
okay if that's what it's going to be
that's what it's going to be at one
point in the middle of that conversation
you can see the earlier video for the
whole thing
this is what I wrote to him this is me
quoting myself I say to him if you're
upset I can sympathize just emphases
that's how this message opens okay this
guy has made so many insults and threats
against me you know again from the banal
like claiming that I'm fat too
you know things that really could be
brought to a court of law
to put him behind bars claiming that I'm
a pedophile that I'm a sexual predator
that I should go to jail absolutely no
basis and even again even in terms of
the timing you know not only were that
was there no possible victim I hadn't
even many once I've been in Chiangmai
for maybe two days when these
allegations were made and it's like
allegedly I you know approach to
multiple teenage girls or something
absolutely ridiculous
anyway but despite that and despite his
continuing to you know whatever harass
me threatened me defamed me publicly it
opens by saying if you're upset I can
sympathize you guys have already seen my
Steve's you've already seen how I roll
you see the video with the apology too
freely if you feel bad I'm actually down
to help you and make you feel better
even if I don't like you because you
know what that's that's what morality is
all about ethics is not about helping
people you like it's not about how good
you are to people who agree with you
okay
it's actually about how good you are to
everyone
it's about how you behave under pressure
under the worst type of crisis in the
middle of a war in the middle of a
famine it's about how you help people
when you've got nothing to give
[Music]
I can't believe any of you people
respect someone as a leader who brags
that he's been to prison and he was a
grown man insults another grown man by
saying he's fat going to prison doesn't
mean you're tough going to prison just
means you got God spending time in
prison doesn't make you tough I've been
through real suffering in my life real
sorrow okay I've got a lot of things
that we've over in my life
this guy is tried it with everyone and I
think I'm the first person who was too
hot to handle because I just said to him
look if it's on it's on and then from
that moment he backed down and he
started playing the victim he kept
moving the goal posts he kept redefining
what it was I was supposedly guilty of
etc etc but look I'll tell you who I am
I'm someone who knows what it's like to
be flat broke and to be doing
humanitarian work to help people who
were born poorer than yourself okay I'm
someone who knows what it's like to be
trying to volunteer for humanitarian
work when you're unemployed you've only
got so much money in the bank and you
don't know where your next meal is
coming from I volunteered to do
humanitarian work on refugee camps on
the Tiber means border I was looking for
humanitarian work in Sri Lanka during
the Sri Lankan Civil War you know and in
Laos I actually did do some humanitarian
work in Cambodia I did do some but you
spend a lot more time applying for that
work than doing it and when I was in
Canada I was applying for humanitarian
work the whole
range I tried to do humanitarian work in
prisons I tried to volunteer you know
what that's not in front of okay if
you're a free man
and you volunteer to help people in
prison which I've done in both England
and in Canada I've volunteered and I
never got the opportunity that's the
reality of humanitarian work you spend
way more time applying for this stuff
then actually finding opportunities and
doing them but yeah you know what I've
lived in different places where I also
try to get involve Prison activism
prison education helping people present
that's nothing to brag about any of you
people who sit in that crowd who support
this guy I wrote to him in these
circumstances my message opens with if
you're upset I can sympathize I've made
friends with all kinds of vegans
including vegans with very different
political views from my own very
different religious views etc obviously
you know you've hurt the feelings of a
lot of people including your former
friends Jason and Honya etc and I'm sure
you've felt that your feelings were hurt
too
that's okay you can talk to me about it
however the one thing you can't do is
threaten to kidnap me beat me up etc or
send a squad of goons to my house if you
actually want to have a boxing match
with me I've offered that if you want to
have a Skype call or a face-to-face
meeting I've offered that to you used to
hate a guy named passion and fruit
remember that but you guys talked calm
down and moved on do you really want
this to end with blood and teeth on the
street you say you've been to jail
that's cool
I've suffered a great deal in my life
too but I don't use that as a pretext to
cause more suffering I also don't really
care about getting hurt going to jail I
don't care if I live or die but your
slogan is save the planet etc why are
you behaving this way toward another
vegan if we're both really trying to
save the planet
I said before in the other video
toughness means more than one thing
there's more than one way to be tough
and this is not about being tough what
could be more relevant than a contest in
Chiangmai to find out who's the tougher
guy but there's no other contest he
could try to have with me as there
what's he used to doing who's thinner
who can ride a bike faster it's not
gonna be who's smarter Jesus Christ
how can anyone continue to support this
guy as a diet guru as a political leader
as a legal leader in the vegan community
I don't exaggerate my own importance I'm
not famous I'm not rich I'm not powerful
what I am is the proverbial canary in
the coalmine he's done this to a lot of
other people before in the past
different in some ways similar in some
but in my case it's really clear-cut
there aren't two two sides of the story
you guys have seen all the facts you
know what God said you know what
happened and there's no basis for the
rumors I didn't have anyone here who was
my girlfriend I didn't have any contacts
I didn't have even a single conversation
with a single teenager I didn't even go
out on a date with a single woman year
nothing happened
this was fabricated out of thin air just
to defame me to attempt to humiliate me
and then in the same message in the same
brushstroke
to intimidate me to threaten me with
violence to try to instigate violence to
demand others assault me which he did
openly in the Internet repeatedly but
you know I mean that one line in there
is deep
I've suffered a lot also but I don't use
that as a pretext to uh to cause
suffering to others who's to blame
there is no grand scheme there is no
brilliant person behind the scenes
putting these things together all right
there is no rational explanation for
what's irrational and arbitrary in this
what there is is a crowd of people good
people psychologically healthy people
self disciplined people people who
aren't crazy or insane or even
mean-spirited who are allowing the staff
it's your fault
all of you whether you're on YouTube or
you're here in Chiangmai riding your
bicycle up that mountain sitting in that
parking lot listening to the lectures
every day from these people and I know
it's inconvenient for you to do the
right thing if you're here you've
already spent thousands of dollars
airplane tickets hotels what-have-you to
come here and enjoy this event it's a
really inconvenient time for you to do
the right thing it's a really
inconvenient time for you to stand up
and say this is bad and it's immoral and
it's wrong but that's the nature of
ethics you don't get to be a good person
when it's convenient for you I knew a
man he was my boss from Germany it was a
very elderly man I have told this story
and they didn't before but very briefly
his mother had been a member of the Nazi
Party
and she quit and everyone in her town
knew that she quit and that's already
dangerous of course he's very
interesting she wasn't killed she wasn't
put in prison she had been a member of
the Nazi Party but when she found out
that the Holocaust was happening very
openly at a public meeting of the Nazi
Party she lost her faith and she
basically you know ended up tearing up
her membership well she quit she
canceled her membership now she didn't
join the resistance she didn't start
fighting against the Nazi Party she
didn't do anything heroic or
self-sacrificing
and of course I imagine that's partly
just because of who she was as a
character but it's probably partly
because she had a son she had a very
small child she was raising and that
small child later became my boss when he
was an elderly man so you know not
everyone gets to be a hero and there's
nothing heroic in what she did but
obviously it's morally good she had more
courage than all the other people in
that room who were members who didn't
quit when they found him the people were
here now sitting on the hill riding
their bikes up they won't all find out
about this at the same time the same way
during the World War 2 era that Sarah
people didn't know find out about the
Holocaust the same time found out one by
one over years but as soon as you found
out the questions what you do okay when
you found out that this is who
durianrider really is what did you do
it's not his fault for being crazy it's
not the fault of some teenage gossip for
making up stupid teenage guys okay
it's your fault everyone who's not
standing up and drawing the line to say
no here's the line and here's what's
over the line and threatening to beat
someone up
threatening to kidnap them making
serious defamatory remarks this is not
like saying that someone wears too much
makeup on the Internet
okay serious defamation defamation that
you go to jail for here's the line and
know this is not acceptable
it wouldn't be acceptable for me it
wouldn't be acceptable for Bill Clinton
it wouldn't be acceptable for the town
mayor it wouldn't be acceptable for the
lead singer in a rock band why is the
standard for a leader in the vegan
community so much lower okay you know
think of any popular singer if they said
or did what Turing wrote it's true in
our society we're pretty permissive for
someone who's a rock star they can get
away with a lot of bad behavior but not
this
what durianrider did to me all of you
know he can do it to you next he can do
it to anybody the same way he's done it
to a random assortment of people some of
them teenagers also denounce them
threatened with insinuated people are
gonna come over those two beat them up
okay but I am the canary in the coal
mine in my case it's all well documented
it's all in the open it's all clear-cut
and there's no basis for any rumors or
innuendo the last reply I got from
durianrider before I blocked him on
Facebook which ended the discussion the
last message I got from head was so sue
me then and he follows it up with a
curse word I don't want to take
durianrider to court but it will
I don't want to play the victim here
because I don't feel like the victim
this didn't hurt me this isn't about me
and my feelings this is about really
asking the question of whether or not
veganism as a social movement can have a
future it's not gonna be this way folks
it's not gonna be with someone like
Torian Ryder doing what he did and
getting away with it part of this is
about real world veganism real world
activism and part of it is about digital
veganism what we do here on YouTube okay
Allie Tabrizi
the friendly activists I'm calling you
out man Allie Tabrizi he's a normal guy
he in that basic sense he's a good
person I just think he's not crazy he's
basically morally mentally sound evil is
what happens when good people stand by
and do nothing why wouldn't someone like
Elly Tabrizi take a stand on this I know
he has and I know he won't because I
asked him to Allie Tabriz he has been a
fan of my channel for more than a year I
think maybe I'm slightly off number of
months Allie Tabrizi has sent me fan
mail I'm not gonna read it out it was
personal fan mail not just sometimes
just praising my channel in general
saying how much it meant to him how
meaningful he found it how much some
particular video had moved him or matter
to him okay obviously he doesn't agree
with everything I say it's not the point
as I said earlier in this video what I'm
doing here is overtly challenging and
edgy I'm dealing with issues like
vivisection and the contradiction within
agriculture that are hard for us to face
with power could have for a second thing
it's the first time all right hey not
not quite third world conditions yet
maybe you'll have a lot more that in
China pal we're kind of in the hold for
a second but look man
I don't want to hear the excuses I know
one of my fans got in touch with Nita
around his dad and said look this is
really serious why don't you take a
stand and it's not about me it's not
about taking a stand and saying I'm a
nice guy or my channel is good it's
about drawing a line we say this is
acceptable this is unacceptable this is
the line here's what's over the line
that's exactly what everyone in the
vegan community needs to say and needs
to hear and there's no debate about this
it's not debatable falsely accusing
someone of being a sexual predator and a
pedophile threatening to beat them up
and said nobody thinks this is
acceptable vegan activism not even Gary
Yourofsky Gary Yourofsky is Pro violence
he wouldn't approve of a single goddamn
thing Jerry and writer has said or done
including he wouldn't you wouldn't agree
with durianrider calling me fat
what kind of vegan activism is this you
know so this there's no debate that this
is over the line what there is is a code
of silence and it's a code of silence
from a bunch of goddamn hypocrites of
two kinds one kind of the people who are
spending money and don't want to feel
that money is wasted and the other kind
of the people were making money out of
it the people who are chasing money
people were trying to get rich and
famous by riding on Terry and Ryder and
freelee's coattails Ally to Breezy
that's what you are I know you don't
think you are but you are okay
I'm sorry the whole culture of
flattering these people of making up
excuses for these people after it's
happened one time after another who's
been drawing the line and saying no
here's the line here's what's over
thought I have been that's why they hate
me so much I made videos that I know
they watched oh they responded to I made
videos clearly talking about the
importance of being innocent until
proven guilty talking with the
importance of not thinking in terms of
vigilante justice of not thinking like a
Batman from a comic book this is real
life not a comic book and guess what
when you threatened to beat up a guy
like me unlike a comic book I don't run
away I say okay where do you want to
meet me nobody took me up on that none
of these guys who hide behind their
keyboards not durianrider and not show
best all right not Brett Rawlings all
you guys have offered to have a
conversation
a human being offered to cooperate and
clarity I'm trying to sling positive
you're trying to lynch me you're trying
to put me on a you know you're trying to
destroy me publicly on the basis of the
fact that I have contacted teenagers I
speak with hundreds of vegans per year
hundreds over the past several years
since I started my blog before I ever
had a YouTube channel when I started my
blog at a newborn daughter taking care
of a newborn baby and with this free
time I had I was on the internet trying
to contact other vegans my first
priority was vegans in the same country
I was living in my second priority was
trying to get ties with vegan parents
vegans who are already raising kids
trying to get a group going for vegans
you know vegans with kids but you know
yeah my guess my third priority was
everybody else and I talked to all kinds
of people age whatever age 18 to 80
whatever still true today
there are hundreds of people who follow
this channel up who know me personally
talk to me on skype who you know who
have shared my life with who become a
meaningful part of my life you know
because I did this for years you know
you can call it we call it outreach and
God activism I mean you know and you're
trying to claim that I'm a sexual
predator on the basis of the fact that I
have ever sent an email to someone who
was 18 years old or something
again it's not even worth refuting you
look through the videos on this channel
you know again I don't blame them all
right yet during a writer is legit crazy
he's been honest with you about his
psychological history he has come out
publicly and stated that he's been
diagnosed with schizophrenia and bipolar
disorder he has also stated that he's
been diagnosed with anorexia he's stated
that he's been diagnosed with an amazing
list of mental and physical disorders
he's also remarked that some of his
doctors thought he was a compulsive liar
not he I'd haven't heard him say it was
a diagnosis but he's been honest with
you are you being honest with yourself
and I mean that for both categories of
people you the people who spent
thousands of dollars to come here on
this vacation and you don't want to feel
like they wasted that money who just
want to have a nice vacation who just
want to ignore the fact that their guru
threatened to beat someone up denounced
him as a pedophile
a sexual predator predator and said he
was going to put me in jail you wanted
to know that because it's not convenient
for you to enjoy your vacation it's an
inconvenient time for you to be a
morally good person well you sit there
on your ass ride your bicycle and eat
luxury organic fruit and think you're a
morally good person because let's face
it you're in Chiangmai there's nothing
more entertaining than the goddamn ego
trip that you're on ok the entertainment
value is in your belief that you're a
good person and you're saving the world
unlike the girl who bags your groceries
at the grocery store or unlike your boss
at work who you hate or unlike all the
people you have petty resentments
against well guess what you're not and
I'm the canary in the coal mine who
proves it because the girl who bags her
groceries at the grocery store she might
stand up she might interrupt her
vacation she might do the right thing
and the second category is people just
like Ally Tabrizi just like Nina and
randa's father just like a whole cluster
Bonnie Rebekah whatever III have never
spoken with Bonnie Rebecca but I mean
all of these people who see in freelee
and durianrider a road to their own
personal fame wealth etc and they'll let
this go on
alright evil is what happens when good
people stand by and do nothing
and I'm asking you to do something not
for me not for you for the future of
veganism I'm gonna end this with a
really quick parable there was a famous
record producer a famous man and the
music industry called Phil Spector
you've never heard of him you can google
it you'll see right away when I'm
talking about Phil Spector made hit
records so everybody in the music
industry is making money out of them
sometimes he beat people up
sometimes he got it a gun pointed at
people sometimes he put bullets in the
wall he'd have temper tantrums in the
recording studio he'd get outta line
nobody wanted to put him in his place
nobody wanted to put him in prison he
was making money and it's not just money
right it's money and fame so many people
that hey even if this guy pointed a gun
at me even if he's crazy even if he's
dangerous if he can get me money and
fame if you can get me a
ten record that I'm going to work with
them and for the for the studio for the
executives of course of even more
tempting just put it under the rug just
ignore it
eventually Phil Spector committed murder
eventually he killed someone and two
lives could have been saved if somebody
had stood up and done the right thing
earlier the victims life could have been
saved because the murder would have been
prevented but Phil Spector's life would
have been saved also does anyone
watching this actually think it would be
bad for durianrider if he were stopped I
don't I think you'd be helping him I
think what durianrider is doing isn't
just destructive it isn't just harmful
to people like me and people like you
because he can do it to you next the
same way he's done to so many others I
think it's destructive for him also I
think for him it's self-destructive I
think you'd be helping him out sincerely
if you put him in his place if you drew
the line at this point I think we'd be
helping him out if we gave him his
greatest desire and put him in jail I do
I think he'd have a shot at actually
becoming a better person but if we don't
you all know what's gonna happen you all
know what this game is okay it doesn't
stop till we say stop alie Tabrizi the
friendly activist until you stop kissing
their ass stop flattering them until you
say hey you know what I had a bright
idea today threatening to beat someone
that one up kidnapped them thready
navigating of people assault them on a
street corner sir
hey you know what that's over the line
I don't have wealth I don't have time I
don't have power I don't have influence
okay I don't have a stray lien
citizenship I'm living back and forth
between conveying and Shane lied this
year I think it would be irresponsible
for me if I did not put together these
charges and talk to a lawyer about going
to court not for the sake of revenge not
for the sake of my ego not for any other
reason because people have asked me if I
don't do it who will and this is such an
open-and-shut case the evidence is so
blatant everyone sees it everyone knows
it the only question is whether or not
you're going to make up excuses in your
own head for it so I'm asking whether
it's through patreon or through my
public email for the first time I'm
going to invite lawyers in Australia any
law firm in Australia that will give me
an initial consultation I will talk to
them about pressing charges in Australia
many people have already offered to
donate money I have several fans who are
wealthy who said that they will donate
money to put durianrider behind bars or
to sue him or to press charges for
defamation uttering threats and citing
violence etc for the different things
that have come up in this case at this
time I it would be irresponsible for me
to accept donations or to start a
GoFundMe because I haven't spoken to a
lawyer yet and among the things that a
lawyer has to determine is the issue of
jurisdiction because I'm a Canadian
citizen it is not easy for me to take a
court to an Australian court of law I
will be a Canadian citizen resident in
the People's Republic of China look I'm
not gonna lie to you
durianrider is such a goddamn joke that
there is no way his allegations against
me could ever be used in a court of law
in France in my divorce case
all right plate
I do talk openly about the fact that I
have a three-year-old daughter and I'm
in court right now trying to resolve the
petty details of exactly how much time I
get to spend with my daughter when I get
to see her etc there are videos on this
channel there's one over an hour long
telling the whole story of where the
situation I'm very open about that I
talk about that I think it is useful for
other people to hear it
other people going through divorces send
me fan mail too and you know it's part
of my overall transparency it's part of
the function of this channel okay I do
not think there is any chance that my
ex-wife's lawyer would take you know
these statements off the internet that I
was supposed to be arrested in Thailand
for pedophilia or being a sect brother
and present them in a court of law but I
think there's a 0% chance of that you
know what it's tremendously sad just
even think about that possibility it's
tremendously sad to think that someone
fabricating this kind of case against me
could actually deprive me of the right
to see my daughter okay and they do
fabricate evidence they have for example
I'm not searching for this stuff but
they have created fake profiles for
underage girls sending me messages try
and have sex with me on the internet and
then they take photographs of those fake
profiles sending me those messages and
you know share them on the Internet to
defame me okay
I know because I've gotten the messages
I can I can see I'm not idiot I can see
their fake profiles and so on and I've
heard from other people who were in the
groups ordering writer as shared these
these images where his fans have him
sorry I was told it was during writer
himself who shared them it's possible
that it's his fans that shouldn't
simultaneously this is a situation that
is completely fake and yet it's the
realest thing in the world
simultaneously I can say to you this is
so serious that it's not a game I can
also say to you this is a complete joke
it's just a [ __ ] game okay veganism
should not be okay